To leverage the benefits of both paradigms while circumventing their limitations, we propose **InteR**, a novel framework that facilitates information refinement through synergy between RMs and LLMs.
Large-scale language models have shown the ability to adapt to a new task via conditioning on a few demonstrations (i.e., in-context learning).
Recently, this has been approached by prompting LLMs with survey questions and quantifying the stances in the outputs towards morally and politically charged statements.
Our generated data is human-readable and useful to trigger hallucination in LLM.
ChatGPT also had difficulty understanding conditional causal claims mitigated by hedges.
Large language models (LLMs) have demonstrated their potential to refine their generation based on their own feedback.
Within the framework of this study, several contemporary Large Language Models (ChatGPT, Gemini Pro, Mistral-Instruct and BgGPT) are evaluated in relation to their ability to generate abridged versions of literary texts.
Pre-trained Language Models (PLMs) have become a de-facto approach for most natural language processing tasks.
Building upon the current state-of-the-art language modeling approaches such as BERT, we show our XMLC method improves on an existing baseline solution by over 9% and 7% absolute improvements in terms of recall and normalized discounted cumulative gain.
In response, we develop FreshPrompt, a few-shot prompting method that curates and organizes relevant information from a search engine into an LLM’s prompt.
Additionally, I am engaged in simulating social media environments using LLMs to ethically test detection methods, evaluate the effectiveness of current mitigation strategies, and potentially introduce new, successful strategies.
Parameter efficient finetuning has emerged as a viable solution for improving the performance of Large Language Models without requiring massive resources and compute.
To address challenges like domain-specific terminologies and dynamic regulatory contexts, we developed a robust data construction pipeline, integrating proprietary Chinese regulatory data, Fin-GPT datasets, and financial Q&A data.
In this context, large language models (LLMs) have shown impressive natural language processing abilities to generate sophisticated computer code for research tasks in various domains.
We introduce a novel approach for dataset creation based on worker and AI collaboration, which brings together the generative strength of language models and the evaluative strength of humans.
This has created the possibility to use ChatGPT quality scores, perhaps alongside citation-based formulae, to support peer review for research evaluation.
In the current development and deployment of many artificial intelligence (AI) systems in healthcare, algorithm fairness is a challenging problem in delivering equitable care.
Furthermore, we discuss the challenges and implications of utilizing large language models like GPT-4 for performance assessment in asset management, suggesting a combination of automated evaluation and human judgment.
This paper adopts a methodology to delve into the societal implications of Generative AI tools, focusing primarily on the case of ChatGPT.
Recent advancements in large language models (LLMs) have demonstrated exceptional success in a wide range of general domain tasks, such as question answering and following instructions.
Large language models (LLMs) possess a wealth of knowledge encoded in their parameters.
Distributed artificial intelligence (AI) has recently accomplished tremendous breakthroughs in various communication services, ranging from fault-tolerant factory automation to smart cities.
Inspired by these advancements, we propose a novel approach ChatDANCE, which utilizes high-quality and diverse augmented data generated by a large language model and leverages a filtering mechanism to eliminate low-quality augmentations.
While unlearning knowledge from large language models (LLMs) is receiving increasing attention, one important aspect remains unexplored.
Speculative decoding is an inference-acceleration method for large language models (LLMs) where a small language model generates a draft-token sequence which is further verified by the target LLM in parallel.
AI-driven chatbots such as ChatGPT have caused a tremendous hype lately.
